Continuing from what we were saying, Tier 3 is already in the AI, but in Tier 3 you are going back and forth. For example, I use Spruce, and when the patient logs in, I have to verify that they have actually sent me their ID verification, because I do ID verification with everybody. So, unfortunately, I haven't automated that process yet, but if we could have an AI verify the identity of the patient prior to us seeing them, it would be even better. So, I have to do that manually. I also have to make sure that they have filled the form and they have sent me their patient ID or their pseudonym. So, here's the problem here. When they have done that, I then have to find the form, copy-paste all that's in the form, and give it to ChatGPT so that it can manually do the HPI confirmation summary, the SOAP note, more questions. I always ask it to confirm more questions beforehand so that I can choose and I can just copy-paste those questions if I recognize that these are questions that I want to ask. So, it will make me like 20 questions. If, for example, a patient will say, like, oh, I took an antibiotic for this, like, a week ago or two weeks ago, and then, of course, you know, patients, they're not very, sometimes they don't help you all that much with even the information that they give you. You need to specify them in a question, well, what was the name of that antibiotic? Because they don't know or they have to search or they're acting lazy. So, that's one of the things that I saw very often. I will need that. For example, so, who saw you or have you been seen for this in the past? People that come in 10 years of fatigue, you don't know if they've been worked up, you know, you don't know if they found any diagnoses, or they'll tell you that they followed a doctor for mental health, but they won't tell you what is the diagnosis. They follow for and today they're consulting for mental health. So, it's all that process where you need to clarify or get as much detail as possible about the previous patient history. So, AI can definitely prepare or classic example is people that come in for abdominal pain, you want to know if they're having right blood rectum or melanoma, nausea, vomiting, right? You want to know where the pain is. You want to know where the pain is located. You want to know if they have diarrhea or constipation. And so, these are basic questions that relate to, but of course, patients don't know that, but you can automate that process. So, because it's impossible for the AI to be relevant and ask the perfect exact questions, I will then select these questions that I want. What we can do later on, we can even, for example, we can adapt the AI so that it can recognize for what problems, what questions do you like to be asked? For example, if I ever have somebody with abdominal pain, I need to ask, I need to figure out when, where rather is this pain? And so, I have some diagrams that I show patients over telemedicine. I send them some photos of the abdomen divided into nine sections, and then they each have a number. And so, the patients will go like number one and number three. Number one is the right upper quadrant. Epigastric region is number two. Number three is the right upper quadrant. So, when I send, it's not actually that specific denomination, but what I'm trying to tell you here is that I actually have them give me an approximation of what the location is, then I use that. So, but what I'm trying to say is that I ask it for every patient. There's no patient with abdominal pain that I don't want to know. Then again, this is, we're talking about even if the patient would be in an in-person appointment, but in this specific case, I'm talking about SMS-based telemedicine consultation, which is actually a degree even more difficult for an assessment of abdominal pain. So, so let's say the patient then gives me that. I want to know if they have diarrhea. I want to know if they have blood in their stool. I want to know if they're constipated. I want to know if they're vomiting, if they lost weight. So, this is actually very easy because the AI eventually can remember your, the questions that you're copy pasting to ask to the patient. So, after let's say 100 patients you see for abdominal pain, the AI will already know like, well, if we don't have this information because the patient has not asked, has not provided it out of their own, like they didn't think about providing that information, the AI should have like a threshold where we ask questions that the doctor asks more than 60% of the time, should be automatically asked. For a specific problem, for example, I have a patient that has left ear pain, you know, you want to know if they had a cold last week, you want to know if they've been swimming, and this should be asked pretty much to every single case, you know. And so, if the patient doesn't provide that information in their description, sometimes they will tell you, oh, I was sick last week and then I started getting ear pain. Okay, well, so that's the case, but sometimes they just tell you about the pain and you have to almost like look into that. So, the questions that you and your behavior as a physician ask the patients in specific case scenarios, the AI can remember so that eventually when you are involved with the patient, these questions you already have an answer for. And so, I also want this to be included in the application. So, I want in the AI behavior for there to be a threshold for automatic questioning of the patient and also preference of the questions. For example, we already know in the middle column, the AI is going to be proposing to the physician questions and treatments. For example, if the most likely, I like to use Gelomeritol. If I'm going to use antibiotics, I usually use Augmentin twice a day for a week. I like to use Dimista, D-I-M-I-S-T-A, which has antihistamine and steroid. That's an inhaled corticosteroid for sinusitis case. So, I actually have to ask for patients if they have insurance because this medication by itself can cost like $100. So, a lot of people will not buy it just because of how expensive it is. So, if I was to ask a patient that has sinusitis, do you have insurance? The AI should detect that and in the questions that it proposes to me, it should volunteer that question so that I can then just use the checkbox marking space that will select it. And then when I select, let's say, I just want to do that, but I want to run an influenza nasal swab on this patient. And then I click those two and then I will click the button that says prepare message for the patient. And then these two things should be made together into a Spartan paragraph, single paragraph. And then that way we can then send it to the patient. So, I want this to be explained in the educational section, the different things that I mentioned in this part. These are elements and concepts that I think relate to the importance of telemedicine and the understanding on how their careers can be automated, by what process, and what is the structure behind the automation process.