At all times, whenever you create a new button, I want it to be aesthetically pleasing, as far as you see here, the forms that we have, all the buttons that we have so far, in that header that remains fixed, although we scroll up and down that page. Oh, I see what you did there. So, make the background of the header, those two lines of header, make it transparent, so that people are able to see, they can be able to see that there is something underneath, because sometimes scrolling up and down will hide buttons like refresh. So, anyways, that is one thing. The second thing, we get that AI process, processing the information, HPEC information, sample for demonstration purpose. So, make that AI process instantaneous. Do not make it through a button that says process with AI. As a matter of fact, whenever we receive the document, whenever we receive a new submission, and this should be done, I don't know how to say it, will, so here is the problem. I don't want to be having to refresh this to get information, when, let me explain something, when the patient initiates the conversation. So, automatically, the first thing that we should do, remember that our application looks into Spruce, okay, so Spruce AI has the actual conversation where the patient will join, and will text to the doctor. Now, in Spruce AI, they already have an auto-welcome message that tells them, I want to see your health insurance card, and I want you to fill this form. And then, in that message, we also tell the patient, when you have done the form, give us the pseudonym, the patient ID that they have generated for you. So, in this case, what I want our system to do, whenever the patient submits that, I don't want the doctor to be bothered with that, because the patient, so we should verify, let me explain this, the patient will give the patient ID, we should then search the submissions and form site to pull in their form. Now that we have pulled in that patient's form, we should process it with ChatGPT to create what I asked in the code. Of that that I asked in the code, the first part is called HPI confirmation summary. The HPI confirmation summary is then copy-pasted to the patient and sent to him in the chat to verify that the information is accurate. It's at that time when the patient confirms or replies to that message that we send over the patient consultation to the physician, because the ID verification has been done, the confirmation has been done that we have the accurate information, so now the physician may already proceed.