So, I want for the header menu, every time that we receive a new document, I want a number there, you know, like a little circle with like 1, 2, 3, 4, so that we can, no more or less, in the header menu, where we are at, let's say, if there are three appointments pending, I should have like a number there somewhere. If I have three messages, it should have a number 3 somewhere. Chronic conditions. So, let's do that. For the section in the header menu called Chronic Conditions, I want this to be toggled in a way that I can communicate back and forth with the patients. And here's how we're going to do it. In Family Medicine, we see a lot of chronic medical issues. So, I want this to create almost like different clinics for different things. For example, hypertension, diabetes, prediabetes, hypothyroidism, anemia, depression, anxiety, low back pain, gout, asthma, sleep apnea, COPD. And the issue here is that, the way that this should be used in the future, is that as soon as we detect in a conversation that a patient is dealing with a problem that is a chronic medical condition, the AI should index this patient, almost like when you give them a tag, and the tag should have it found in this place. And the reason for that is that the healthcare can then be facilitated later on. For example, we need to do a follow-up. For example, we need to recheck your acid levels in six weeks, six to eight weeks. That will be a method for us to be managing that. I think it will be better, ultimately. So, I want, this is for chronic medical conditions. I want it to be automatically tagged in this way. That is one thing. And not only I want it to be tagged, I want it to be listed, like from up to down, the patients that we see for specific conditions. For example, if I see patients for asthma, they should all be tagged up. And when I click, for example, chronic conditions, it should bring me the list of all these chronic medical conditions that I discussed. All of these diseases, ulcerative colitis, all of them. And then it should have, let's say I want to see all my patients with ulcerative colitis. I would click ulcerative colitis, and then it's going to show me all the conversations I had with patients that actually have ulcerative colitis. And please make a difference. Distinction between talking about ulcerative colitis and having ulcerative colitis. Having depression and having depression are two different things. Patients that say, I'm depressed, but they don't have a formal diagnosis, I don't want you to index them in the chronic medical conditions, because this is just going to cause for confusion. So the AI should have the discrepancy of recognizing what is a formal diagnosis versus not. So do that. So that is one thing.