	So, other than what we discussed, so, here's the thing. I want, I don't know if this has been clear already. If it hasn't been clear, then please update it. In family medicine, a lot of the times we'll do things like general checkups. I want these to be scheduled for people that have chronic medical conditions that need to be seen twice a year. General population can be seen once a year. I want there to be a scheduler, which is AI-assisted and managed. The scheduler should do all the health recommendations for a patient, for example, according to their gender and age. Vaccination, cancer screens, general tests. It should also allow the doctor to provide a template of lab works that pertain or prescriptions that pertain to specific moments. For example, I like to use Tdap vaccination for hepatitis B. I like to use Ingerix as far as the vaccine. So, or Twinrix or whatever. So, what I'm trying to say is that, so, what I am, so, vaccinations is one. Repeated testing is one. And in essence, for example, Tdap tests scheduled from 21 years onwards. So, this AI scheduler should follow basic recommendations. For example, we have a 65-year-old patient, male, that smokes, or has smoked for the last 15 years. We should do the triple A screen. And so, it should, by itself, whenever it detects, the scheduler should do, take multiple things into consideration. It should look into what's for that patient at their age and gender, so what is the age-appropriateness of these preventative healthcare venues for these patients, number one. All of this understanding, in the end, will be relayed to the patient through Spruce, okay? So, one of the things that it can do is that it can ask the patient, for example, or it can rather ask the physician. So, on this day, we're going to send them this message. On this other day, we're going to send them another message regarding another thing. So, we're not going to do everything at the same time. It's not going to be one visit to do mammogram, pap test, blood test, depression screen, blood pressure, high blood pressure screen. We're not going to, we're going to opt away from this type of model of medical practice, and we're going to make one that's feasible for the patient, but that's also relatable to the physicians in a way that it protects also their interests. So, middle ground between the two. So, the scheduler should pick up the elements that pertain to a patient's health. For example, a patient that we know in the, the scheduler should ask the, should ask the physician should prepare a message for the doctor and say, well, this patient in this conversation came up that they're diabetic. Ask them if they want to do a follow-up in like two weeks or three months, or prepare a question for the doctor where the, whereby the doctor only has to approve by pressing this checkbox, or an X. So, whenever this is proposed to the patient, he should have like a square checkbox to the left of the proposal, and on the right side of the proposal, there is an X that he, if he clicks on the X, it will move that proposition by the scheduler. In that way, the scheduler will serve in providing and creating blueprints and making sure that these things are ultimately done for the patient. So, the good thing about this is that through the conversation, with a patient, we ultimately have the entire medical history of the patient because the conversations are one, and patients will consult and continue through the same conversation on continuously over the months and years. So, this will allow for, for the scheduler to look back to it and say, okay, well, this guy is diabetic. He needs to get checked every three months, for example, for hemoglobin A1C, just to make sure it's well-controlled, and then eventually, if it's better controlled, then maybe we can do it once every six months. This can be decided by the physician himself or herself. So, that being said, I want to...a