So, the scheduler AI in Resume uses USB STF. It's accessible through the header menu at the top. And it has, for every recommendation toggle form, the scheduler AI should prepare messages for the doctor. Again, like I said, a square checkbox on the left and to the right of the message a little X. Proposing different things to a physician. Now, here's the thing. I don't want to overload patients. When a patient is consulting for, and I don't want to overload the doctor too. So, whenever the... Scheduler. Scheduler AI should propose things for doctors in a timely manner. For example, it should use the schedule message feature of Spruce to schedule the messages always in the future and not when the doctor presses accept. So, within every prompt that the scheduler AI asks the physician, for example, Do you want to do this for the patient? It should find a convenient date to do it for it. So, at a reasonable time, let's say, reach out to the patient at 9 in the morning, send them a message, for example. By the way, we didn't talk about this. And if it's going to also offer a mammogram at a later moment in time, it should not do it all in the same. It shouldn't do, for example, you need to do this, this, this, this, this, this, because this will overload the patient. You also want to create a scenario, an opportunity for conversation with the patient and exchange, wherein they get some education at the same time. And if we tell them to do five different things, like you need the influenza, you need the Tdap, you need to do a mammogram, you need to do a Pap test, you need to do colonoscopy, like, it just becomes too much. We don't need to do it like that either. So, the scheduler should prepare messages and schedule to, using the Spruce API, schedule a message to send it to the patient at a specific time in the future. And if it has five things, it should, for example, put things together. Such as, for example, it should do vaccination together and not do, like, today Tdap, and then write to the patient in a week to tell him about influenza, and then a week later for a guarded cell. No, if we're going to do vaccination, all the vaccination has to be done in one day. If we're going to do mammograms, it should be done in one specific message. So on and so forth. So, it's going to definitely create a lot of back and forth with patients, but it's going to create a very, very good system so that doctors can get this thing, all this preventative healthcare coordinated. Otherwise, it will not be done. So, then again, USPSTF recommendations for screens and vaccinations and all that. And then it should be prepared for future messaging. It's not for right now. Remember that when the patients are basically first exposed to the doctor, it's actually going to be a lot for them to just learn to use Spruce. But if they get the hang of it after the first time they go to sleep, a few days after, if we propose something of the rounds of preventative care, it will be far easier for them. The scheduler AI should also prepare somewhat of the prescriptions for the patient, for example. The requisitions in PDF format, you know, like, if it has to do a triple aneurysm screen, it should prepare for the doctor so that it can be shared with the patient in PDF format with minimal things like just a signature, but the signature should be added very easily. For example, my digital medical records uses a sign. They ask me to do like a digital signature and then it will save the image of that and then it collates that to the forms or to the prescriptions. When I press like a code, for example, my code is, let's say my code is 1234. It's a four-digit code, so the physicians can put their four-digit code that they prearranged whenever they, when they saved the signature to InstantHPI. So InstantHPI should also save the signature of physician and then create this method whereby when the physician agrees and clicks on the checkbox, they have to do, for example, they have to put their code. And then if, when that's done, then the AI will basically finally create, finalize the document with the heading, the signature of the physician and their information, like their licensing number and whatever, and it will add them the electronic signature. And so the patient will be able to get their test. And, of course, it should, according to the scenario of the patient, you know, if it's like we're doing a triple A screen or if we're doing a colonoscopy, then it should say, well, this is a routine screen, a routine colonoscopy versus, it should be related to the specific case and the information should be written there.