So now, InstantHPI is a Tier 4 level of automation medical practice. Let me explain the difference with everything that we spoke about so far is that InstantHPI is meant to be the highest degree of automation possible. Because everything should be done for you, almost to the degree that you're doing absolutely nothing. That is to say that, for example, the process of obtaining the information for the history of patient illness, that's no longer done by the doctor. It's done by the patient himself or herself. The SOAP node is actually built by the AI using the variables provided by the patient. So in other words, even though you may not use the exact node, what will happen is that the lowest level of InstantHPI will basically not be InstantHPI, but you manually copy-paste in the form into ChatGPT and creating an actual MyGPT that has already the things that you want it to do. So, I have actually done this process over and over again. This is how we came up with InstantHPI. It's just continuing on an ongoing basis, polishing this process. It's a process of polishing. And eventually, you end up with different things that show up, then these things need to be programmed into this sequence of programs. And so, for example, once you start the conversation with the patient, it should be like if you hired full-time physician assistants. That is, we can automate the work of your secretary to the point that you don't need one. You can then automate the process of having a physician assistant to the point that you don't need one. The node will be built by the AI. The questions that sometimes you need to ask in order to clarify details or just to do better things, perhaps, that are not clear to you. For example, a patient is consulting for multiple questions or multiple problems. You will need to ask specific questions relating to each individual problem. So, this is actually going to be done by AI, who is going to propose to you. It's going to separate both problems. And it's going to organize it for you whereby all you need to do is to collect the questions that you want to choose from. And then the AI will make a paragraph that is straightforward and organized for the patient for them to be able to reply answers specific to each particular question. This is going to boost patient engagement because they feel that they're being listened to, number one. You don't forget things. You don't have to tell your patient, I don't have time. I'll see you another day. So, this is also a new concept that we're going to add at this point for the lesson. Asynchronous versus streamlined consultations. A classical medical consult is a streamlined consultation. Let's say you have 15 minutes. If you go over that 15 minutes, you're already having a patient set in the schedule of another patient. So, unfortunately, the timing doesn't relate to the complexity of medical cases. So, maybe if you are with a patient with a problem that takes 45 minutes, what's going to happen to everybody else? Everybody else is going to get delayed. Unfortunately, that's a reality of medical practice. It demands the flexibility that nobody has. And in the end, it does create a lot of frustration for patients and doctors. And unfortunately, the less tools we have, the more of an unpleasant practice the physician will enjoy. That being said, the AI organizing, let's say a patient has three questions or three problems. The AI will prepare for you whatever they did not ask. Typically, for these type of problems, Dr. Yu, usually you like to ask these questions. So, it's going to propose them for you and then it's going to be sent over to the patient. Remember, the AI has the capacity to prepare the blood work, the panels, the x-rays or the whatnot for each individual problem. And even advise to you what this should be done for this and why it should be done in this specific sequence. So, I've already worked with all of these different things that AI can facilitate to you. So, this is the explanation of what the middle column in our application, what it is. It is this interface where you discuss over with the AI, basically prepares your work for you and it streamlines the SMS-based communication system. This will allow you to not only see 10, 15, maybe 20 patients at the same time, like you could dematerialize in one room and rematerialize in the other room according to the needs of the moment. So, the good thing about this is that your patient also gets to dematerialize in the patient encounter and continue their life. This is what we're looking for. We're looking for patient-centered medical care, which means that we are following the patient as he lives his life rather than take him out from his life to go live in our world, which is the medical clinic. So, this is a level four tier communication process. So, to understand, as much as possible, we're trying to automate your experience, how you like your medical practice to be portrayed. And then we use that in the form. We ask the questions. We then have an AI built for you, depending on your liking, the degree of complexity of the note. You can toggle on and off different things, like I don't want HPI confirmation summary. I don't like that. I like to do that myself. You can do it yourself. And you can have the AI not produce it for you. You can ask three questions instead of five. You can modify that as well. And so, I think that's pretty straightforward. So, tier four is how. So, it's not only that. Tier four actually should also involve. So, as the communication or the case becomes more clear, the AI will be continuously revising the entire communication and updating. Let's say we have three different problems. Let's say, well, I think we're done with the first problem. What about now we're done with the second problem? Maybe five minutes later, we're going to be done with the last problem. And so, everything has been clear. Let's prepare one single message for the patient explaining in resume everything that we're going to do for them. And then we're going to prepare the things for them, the blood work or whatnot, and the paperwork or whatnot. And if we need to send something to the pharmacy, the AI should send the stuff to the pharmacy. It should provide the documents for the patient, whereby you have very little to do. Maybe just do an e-signature or approve the document ultimately before it's sent over to the patient. So, these are all the things that we will be working on. To pronounce this even to a higher degree and further, it should also involve things like scanning documents. Like if a doctor sends you a note for a patient, if the pharmacy sends a medication request, if you are sent some results like an x-ray, the AI should be able to also look into these things and then prepare it for you, whereby, for example, the AI looks at the x-ray report and it says that it's a normal x-ray. And so it's going to create a message for you. It says the x-ray is normal. This is the document. You're able to quickly look at it. And then it's going to prepare a message for the patient. It's going to say, oh, by the way, this is your document and the test means it's actually normal, so you don't need to worry about it. So let's just follow up on this in a week or two if you don't feel any better. The AI could make a message like that where all you need to do is click a box and it gets sent over to them. This is what Tier 4 is like. It's basically almost like it aims to a total of 99% of your work being automated for you, whereby the soap note is done, the prescriptions are done, the insurance paperwork is filled, everything has been done by a medical assistant, like a physician assistant AI, that following your commands and directives will arrange things and facilitate your work. That is the goal of Instant HBR.