So, as far as the medication refill is concerned, I want us to do it in this way. Whenever we receive a document, that's a medication refill. So, the document, there has to be a triage, for example. And this medication refill, so we're going to have an email that's going to be receiving e-faxes. Let me say something. So, I use Grasshopper. Grasshopper has a phone number that is also a phone number but also a fax number. This fax number is how my clinic can get medication refills sent over to the clinic. But it's actually going to be transformed into a PDF document. So, whenever one of these medication refill requests is processed, is received, I want InstantHPI to have, to locate it to the specific patient that is, that has this, number one. So, that is one thing. Number two, I want the AI to prepare to me a prescription and show me side by side the image, the PDF that it received and the medication that's been requested and all the information that relates to it. For example, I want it to prepare for me a prescription for this exact patient with the medications that are being asked to be refilled. Of course, refills, we're talking about chronic medical conditions here. But this should not be featured in chronic medical conditions. Prescription refills should be independent of that. And so, it should prepare the prescription for approval by the doctor with a signature, right? It should propose one year of refills by default. And again, the doctor has to click the square box, has to mark the checkbox and then add his four digit password for the AI to add his signature and then fax it over to the same pharmacy that sent the document. Usually, the fax number to fax it to the pharmacy is listed in the document. So, the AI should take care of that. And once that is done, a communication should be sent to the patient explaining, I just refilled these medications for you and I sent it over to your pharmacy. Not only that, that should be arranged also to facilitate a phone call so that the doctor can call the patient and tell him that. So, that should be introduced to the patient through a text message and then the physician can call the patient. So, that should be facilitated or at least, let's say, improved or made easy by the AI for the medication refill component. And then, the medication refill should AI part should do a note. And the note should be prepared. It's a soap note explaining what was refilled for that specific patient. That way, the physician can then add it to his medical chart by copy pasting.