So, again, then now, tier number two. Tier number two is already, so the tier, how the systems work, is that they actually complement what you've built up in the past. So, the most rudimentary type of clinic, and then we can bring higher tier elements, like, for example, if you have a Mac OS computer, you have Autotext feature, that's a system that will simplify things for you. Among these Autotext features, we also have Stream Deck Excel, so that you can just press a button, and then a series of things will be. This is actually something that I use for billing, and it works very well. I've been using it for years now. And it allows you a lot of flexibility as far as programming text to just press a button, and it will write itself down. So, another example is in the SMS-based electronic medical record dash communication tool for patients for clinics called Spruce Health. They have something called Safe Messages, where you can just press dot, and then a text, and this will make an entire text appear. So, these are all tools that automate a degree of your practice. For example, they have auto-welcome texts, and so on and so forth. So, this is a tool, the tier number two. So, tier number two has here, I have given the examples of, you see also, they start having a higher degree of complexity. Tier number two would be something also like FormSite, or, FormSite is, you have to understand the purpose of all automation, is actually do what you do already with your degree of experience, and render that process of collection and transformation with as much fidelity as possible, and then help you. But it should do, at the very least, it should be as good as you. So, the way we go about it is that we use your experience to build the questions into a form. For example, in my urgent care, and I will explain something here, a concept that you need to understand. This concept alludes to formatting and how a patient-to-physician conversation could take place. The format of the average patient-to-physician conversation is that the physician is going to ask a question, the patient is going to answer, and then they will move on to the next question, consecutively, and so on and so forth. At times, the patient will speak without stopping, and will answer multiple questions, and then the physician will have less questions to ask. But ultimately, if there is no preceding the encounter, there is no process of obtaining the information first and foremost from the patient, ultimately, it is a system that is time-consuming for the doctor, and it's not necessarily relevant for her expertise. That being said, I have a review of systems that I show patients. So, I have tried before with AI models. When you have an AI model, and you have it ask a patient, they are not to the degree of, the AI models aren't able to be efficient and work around with the experience to the degree that it has value. So, in other words, physicians know what is expected of them, AI has to be told what is expected of it. As a consequence to that, the AI will ask a thousand questions that don't necessarily relate to information that's relevant to the case. Even when you program it, and you tell it to, the current models of AI are actually, unfortunately, not good at all. So, the best method to present information to the patient is one page where all the questions are there, and they can simply write their answers one after the other, or click in a checkbox system. You may see this form that I will add here, so that you can see what I mean. The worst thing that you can do for a patient is to have them go through 20 questions, where every time they go from one place to the next, they have to click accept or send, and then have the next question be sent to them one by one, and then they press send. So, this is what I mean. If you do one after the other, it's going, for example, a review system of 20 things, it's going to be hell for that patient. They're very likely to abandon the very technology that you're trying to use to give them care, because it doesn't truly respect their energy and time. So, people can get tired by answering questions. When you give them one single page where everything is asked, and they only press submit one time, it feels like they only did it one time. But, truly, they have provided the same information than if you asked it one question after the other. So, this is why I strongly recommend using forms, and not only using forms, using form site as a form template or a model. And so, here, with our system, Instant HPI, the physicians learn to prepare forms according to their medical practices, and then ask questions related to their practice. For example, if a patient, if a physician is seeing a patient in the chronic pain or pain management, you will want to ask them if they're taking Lyrica, you will want to ask them if they've had problems with addiction in the past, problems with alcohol consumption, if they're taking Dilaudid or Fentanyl or what other medications they're taking for their pain management, and also the effectiveness or efficiency of such treatments in the past. So, you, more than anyone else, know, thanks to your experience seeing thousands of patients, what would be the best questions to help you out. And this is what we do with the automation process. We give it, we set it up on a form, we give it to the patient, when they get to the clinic, they fill it up, even before you have seen them. Upon them clicking submit, this will be then processed through Instant HPI by basically CHAD GPT, which has been explained that the information should be prepared. And so, these are different degrees of the automation. Tier 1, or Tier 2 in this case, would be form site in and of itself. Tier 3 would be the integration of already automated processed information through variables. Basically, you would copy-paste all the text that the patient brought in and then you would send that to a CHAD GPT that has been coded or programmed to behave in a certain way and to give you an output. For example, I wanted to give me a soap note, I wanted to give me a differential, I wanted to give me, prepare some lab works that relate or tests that relate to that particular case and so on and so forth. Or perhaps prepare me more questions for the patient. I want to know more, I want to know if they have seen another physician for this in the past, for example. So this is, these are elements of each particular integration. Here are the different tiers and I have mentioned how they can each work with each other individually. Although they are of different tiers, different degrees of automation, they come together, they ultimately facilitate the work of the physician.