qq So Tier 0 are people that are still using the most basic type of automation in the medical business, such as people that are still using filled-in forms that are not digital, but are pieces of paper that are given to the patient. A Tier 0 type of practice would be the patient writing down their information when they go to a clinic by hand, for example. So there's no automation of the filing of these documents. They all need to be scanned individually, and then they need to be punched in, so they're into the patient file, which has to be built manually. As of now, there's no AI that will scan a patient's written document and create a patient file for them. So this is a very secretary-dependent, so that means for a physician that's working with this, they're actually very dependent on their secretaries. So it is a system that's not efficient and not very favorable for doctors. Another example of Labor 0. Tier 0 is a physician that's writing their note by hand, or their prescriptions by hand, or their lab requests by hand. These are all Labor's intensive, no zero automation type of practices. It's ultimately a disservice to the doctor, as the complexity of the cases goes up, as the more paperwork, lab requisitions, work leave notes, insurance paperwork, all that stuff is unfortunately going to be 100% dependent on the doctor. So these are all the elements that the average physician will move into a practice, and that is unfortunately how it gets taken care of. Another classic example is a medication refill request that a doctor will get in a physical fax. They will receive a fax. The medications are listed. They have a little space where they can write the amount of pills that they are prescribing, and another place where they can write in the number of renewals. This is also, again, that needs to be faxed. So the physician has to fill it out by hand, sign it, has to give it to his secretary, and has to get faxed over to the pharmacy. Potentially there will be errors or mistakes in the faxing process. So definitely not very good. So I wanted this to be listed in the tier 0 of the different tiers of physician automation. Tier number one would be the use of forms. The forms could be done through a stamped piece of paper. For example, a TRODAT, T-R-O-D-A-T, T-R-O-D-A-T. TRODAT is a company that makes, for doctors, like stamps. So you could stamp your note on a white piece of paper, wherein most of the information that you're going to write in that note for a specific type of medical practice is already set up and organized. So I've done that in the past. I did it for a workers' comp and also for mental health follow-ups. So this would be tier one. So basically you don't truly depend. within a clinic, for example, that is outdated or the doctors are making their notes by hand, but you have already decided to move ahead and begin automating your medical practice. So this is a quick way. Another way is to get a TRODAT with your signature, with your prescriptor number, like your license number and your name and the date. So I actually have one that does all those for you. And I've been using it for now about four to five years. So I just set it to the date, and I stamp it on the paper. It has my signature, the current date, my name, my full name, and my license number. So this is a tier one type of automation. So for signatures, I've done that also for medications because in the walk-in, when I used to work in an urgent care center and they were all on paper, whenever I had to see and prescribe, for example, a Z-pack, if you see four patients an hour, five patients an hour, six patients an hour, you have to understand that the number of patients that you see an hour increases the difficulty exponentially if you don't have the tools to do it because you still have to write prescriptions. You have to write the notes by hand. You have to do the entire medical interview and examine the patient. The work leads, you have to do a lot of stuff. So ultimately, this is very labor-intensive. When you are in a clinic like that, you're always running around. You look like a decapitated chicken. So these are the type of things that you will face. So I used to use one that would give me 9%, 500 milligrams twice daily as needed, prescribed 30 without refills. I had one that had Z-pack, and I had one that had Ventolin, for example, those prescriptions that I used a lot. So I would have these individual stamps that I would stamp on a prescription, and then I would use my stamp to sign it. I only had to write down the name of the patient. That's what I did that helped the most. This is an example of Tier 1. So Tier 1 here. Other examples of Tier 1s is how some digital medical records, electronic medical records, EMRs, are now set up to save. You can save almost like a physical examination by pressing some hot keys. It's going to populate it. You can have lab work set up in advance. For example, I have one for chronic diarrhea. I have patients that have more than three months of diarrhea, and they haven't been worked up. I have one that will check antipsychromysis, tigliadin, basically, you know, the typical workups that you do, C. diff, stool culture, parasites, ovine parasites times three. So basically these tests, liver enzymes, creatinine. So this is already pre-set up, and I just need to find, and this is pre-set up in the digital medical records. So this is a Tier 1 type of practice. Another one would be, for example, for a work week. I have some patients at times that have, they need to be out of work for maybe one to two days. So what I do is that I have this pre-made note, and then I just add the dates, and it has pretty much all the information there, and then I write manually the diagnoses, and then I send it to them in PDF format. It still is very labor intensive. So because everything piles up with the previous things, you still have to do the notes, you still have to explain to the patient. Even when you're going to give them something, it's very laborious. So this is Tier 1.