For the sake of triangulation, I already explained to you that triangulation means when we use multiple AIs to corroborate. So, I want this to be something that people can use their own APIs, aka, they should be using their API keys, for example, GROK, Anthropic API Key, GROK API Key, DeepSeq, ChatGPT. So, I want people to be able to put these into the system, so that when this is something that they are built, and not us. Because this is going to cost a lot of fucking money. So, if we're going to verify that the AI is not screwing things up, and making assumptions as to, you know, as to important information in the medical chart, then it needs to be double-checked by other AIs. For example, whenever we receive the document and the results are there, these results need to be put into, like, whenever they're analyzed, whenever a document is analyzed, a medication refill document is analyzed, this should be given multiple AIs to triangulate if this information is valid. Not only that, the API for each should be available in the settings section. So, this settings section should have the triangulation option there, and under the triangulation section, we should have the different, like, spaces for people to save the different APIs here for each of these. Also, turn them off and on, so that maybe somebody they want to do triangulation only with DeepSeq and Grok, so they would basically cancel the chat GPT versus the other one, okay? So, this is important because the uploading documents for analysis, receiving documents and have them analyzed, this will have to involve at least three different types of AIs. This is what I want. And it should only be a feature that's possible with people receiving and so, with people activating multiple ones. So, triangulation will need multiple AIs is what I'm trying to say. And people should be able to choose the models that are going to be doing that, because ultimately they're the ones that are going to be paying. So, it is what it is. So, triangulation needs to be taken care of, and yeah, prepare that now.