So, the idea of InstantHPI is basically to become a tool for physicians, and it is built by me, a family physician, and I use my experience as a doctor and the thousands of patients that I've seen in order to automate my own work. I basically have built this for myself, how I would exactly want it to be, and it is obviously thanks to how efficient and how no-code type of AI solutions have come up now that I can... I have some experience, but in the last eight months I've learned a lot, and I'm slowly capable of doing more as these applications, no-code AI agents are able to do applications more and more. So now with knowledge of APIs and how that works, we can basically prepare the rest, and this has been an ongoing process for me. It's been over five years. But only very recently we've had AIs that can actually build full code for me. So this is what I use. Now, that being said, the integration is everything that I've experienced so far as a family doctor in my medical practice, and the things that I think are pertinent also relate to my difficulty as a doctor. For example, there were times that with the aging of the population it was actually quite difficult for me to find somebody to hire a secretary, for example, without it costing me a complete fortune. So since I'm in solo practice, to me $3,000 a month in secretary fees is actually considered to be quite too much. So having a solution whereby I don't actually need a secretary, I can definitely say is... By the way, I still have a secretary, but the less I put on them, the problem that I feel in medical practice right now is if I don't have a secretary today, I can't work. And this is what happens to a lot of doctors, is that we have become extremely dependent on everybody around. It's like if you're a surgeon and today you can't operate because we don't have a nurse or the police, we don't have somebody cleaning, or we don't have a secretary or whatever. So I'm trying to create something that is allowing me to work as much as possible without having to intervene. Let me give you another example of how this works. One of the great advantages of SMS-based telemedicine versus others is that since the conversations are basically one long conversation that never disappears, at the end of the conversation I will tell a patient, and I use Spruce Health, I will tell the patient something like, oh, by the way, so let's do a follow-up in five days. So do not make a new appointment at the clinic, just write to me here directly. So this is not only ten times better, it's a stress-free method to do a follow-up with a patient. Typically you would have to have them make an appointment at the front desk, they would need to put them in your schedule. All that bullshit is basically eliminated, whereby the patient can just log back to the conversation and write to you their follow-up at that moment. So this is what I consider to be something that's extremely efficient. And we're talking now, in the way that instant HPI is geared for, is let's say if you do continuity of care, like family physicians all do, you're going to want to have timed out messages. For example, you're doing the vaccination schedule of a six-month-old baby, you know you'll have to see them at one year, then at 18 months, you're going to have to see them at 24 months, and then you're going to have to see them on a yearly basis. You'll see them basically within a month of coming out of the hospital, upon birth, then at two months, then I think four months, and then six months. Basically you have to follow these visits, but all this can be simply done for you through AI. Not only that, so vaccination is one thing, the other thing is how can you use automation for cancer screening. So let's say you have 1,000 patients. Instant HPI is geared towards you having an infinite number of patients, no matter how many you see. You could have, for example, 20,000 patients, but 99% of all work, including reviewing the cancer screens for each patient, asking them if this is something they're interested in having, doing the vaccination schedule for all these patients will absolutely be impossible for the average physician, who today in Quebec is about maximum. I think in Canada we have about 400 patients per family physician, which is not much. In the United States it goes up to 2,000, but like I said, they have better tools than we do. We're writing things by hand. They are writing things. Again, they use products like Epic, which are way better, and now they have DAX, which is Dragon Dictation Nuance, and Microsoft Teams coming together to provide with ChadGBT a degree of automation that was unprecedented. And again, they're paying for that about $700 a month, so you can only imagine. It's a huge, huge, huge expenditure. So what I'm trying to say is that if I have AI preparing absolutely everything for me, and I mean absolutely everything, it makes the patient notes, it prepares the prescriptions for the patient, it will fax the medication requests, it will review results. So this will make it that physicians will have a way easier time to perform their God-given tasks. Now one of the things that another concept that I want to talk about is triangulation, triangulation of multiple AIs. For example, let's say I have... Let's say I have... I received an X-ray report about lungs, and it shows possibly a lung narjo. So the problem with AI now is that you cannot give it information and not expect it to buck it up. So you need to use multiple AIs to analyze documents, because unfortunately... So there's multiple problems here. One is the compliance, right? If you're sending these documents to AIs who has access to that information, that is one problem. So when you're sending them documents that you receive in PDF format, they have all the information from hospitals and different places. So that's number one problem, it's a security issue. The second problem is hallucinations. I have times where when I give ChadGBT a document, it will actually just hallucinate the answers, and unfortunately this is something that if you're not paying attention, you could send it to the patient, or you can involve that in your messages. So to prevent this from happening, whenever there are multiple things that need to be evaluated, we could have multiple AIs triangulate. For example, I could have Grok look at it. I could use SONNET Cloud 3.7. I can use DeepSeek, and I can use ChadGBT. So if one of them is bucking up, you can already pick it up from the others. Now, of course, this is going to make the process of looking at information a little bit more costly. It may cost us a dollar or two, but ultimately, if you have a lot of patients, this will definitely become a necessity, because you want to have a reliable interpretation of information and results. So, for example, we could have all of them give us their individual thing, and if one of them says something, so the Grok, DeepSeek, and ChadGBT say, there is a lung nodule, right, because it recognized the report, what it said, and then the last AI that we use, let's say in this case, Anthropic, and then it says, oh, the X-ray is normal. This could be something that could be flagged and given to the doctor for a manual review. And then the doctor could simply go through, like click a button, and say, okay, let's use the one that was triangulated by three different AIs, and let's ignore the one over there. And this way, it would actually allow us to verify which of these AIs is failing more frequently, and what is it failing at, and eventually as these, by the way, the degree that these machines are advancing very soon, it's going to be something that we can reliably use, but so far I think this is the best solution in the field of triangulation.