So again, to talk about the scheduler AI, the scheduler AI should be also in the header menu. The scheduler AI should have a toggleable, again, like in the settings area, toggleable type of things that it would do, such as, for example, vaccination, hepatitis B shots, HPV guard itself for vaccination. So according to, so every detail of the scheduler should be provided to the patient, and, I'm sorry, it should be provided to the physician, and there should be a behavior related to each one of them, of course. So, for example, one of the schedulers should be to do the yearly checkup, the yearly blood test, or checkup of diabetes, cholesterol, and all that stuff. So that is one thing that it should do on a year-to-year basis for patients that have diabetes. It should be done every three months. So, if it's unknown, if it's well-controlled, it should be done every three months. If we find out that it's well-controlled, then we could schedule it every six months or once every year. So this is something that could be controlled within the scheduler AI section. For example, I click on the headroom menu on scheduler AI, and it will show me the different things. So another one should be to have tests. One should be cancer screen. Cancer screen should then have subdivisions, like the previous blood test could be subdivided. It should have breast mammogram for appropriate ages. It should also have colonoscopies. It should have DEXA scans. Besides DEXA scans, it should have... What are they? DEXA scans. AAA screens with whenever it detects that the patient is over 65. Male and the smoker. No, no, no. That's AAA screen. DEXA scans for women and men after the age of 65. It should also ask for any women above the age of 35 if she's also taking vitamin D and calcium. This is something that is recommended for them. It should do depression screens, and we should do also high blood pressure screens. So here's the problem. There's not enough time for a human being to actually prepare these things for a patient. And the higher amount of patients that we get, the less likely this is to be done. But still is something that is needed. So as far as InstantHPI is concerned, this system called the scheduler AI should allow for a family physician to check all these things out automatically, for example. It will just enable it for patients. So there should be a feature in this that you just add a patient, and then it will schedule it already from the day of today. It will recognize the patient's age and gender. So here's the thing. This is actually provided to us in the Spruce conversation. At the top of the Spruce conversation is the information for the patient. So I want the scheduler AI to do this for every patient and basically start scheduling things up, but propose it to the physician. So the way we're going to go about it is we're going to tell the scheduler AI should prepare for the doctor for his or her approval. So here's the thing. So we take a patient, for example. It's a young woman. She's 25. And we know she needs to get Tdap influenza shot. She needs to get a pop test done as well. And a depression screening HIV test. So we should do all this if she ever wants to do a yearly workup or whatever. So it's a good opportunity. So even if we don't have an appointment with this patient, it's something that could be sent over to her. And then the scheduler should have a patient profile whereby, for example, the next year everything is already set up for this patient, let's say, until they reach all their life, let's say. So the AI should, if I click on the patient in the scheduler AI, it should open for me all the things that are scheduled for this patient and on which dates. For example, she doesn't have any tetanus vaccine, so we should do one today and the next one is in 10 years, for example. And it should do it like that. For example, for a lady like 55, she needs a mammogram. She needs a cold blood test or a colonoscopy. So these two, she needs blood pressure screening, depression screening, HIV screening. So mammogram, we said pop test, right? And so this should be arranged for the proper dates in a quick or easy to follow calendar type thing. And so we should propose like that different things for patients. I think this makes sense at this point in time if we do it like that. So the scheduler AI will basically allow for quicker communication between people. The other thing, it should use USPSTF recommendations as far as what is being proposed to patients. So we're going to use the USPSTF recommendations and it will build its recommendations based on what they say should be done for patients at which point in time. Thank you.