So now we are to discuss the different types of tools that you can use for integration. There are tools that I have used like Make.com, Zapier, Keragon. And the bottom line here is that as a physician you've never been trained in programming and how automation within your medical practice can really be a significant benefit, at least in the quality of life that physicians are lacking today. We reminisce on the Medscape 2024 study with about 10,000 physicians in the US that discussed how about 60% of emergency department physicians are burned out. And I would tell you that they are at an exceedingly advantageous position in comparison to Canadian doctors where our emergency departments were still writing notes by hand. So American physicians are burned out with a lot of technology, but they still haven't reached the automation phase that they are due for. That being said, one of the things that needs to be done in order to facilitate these technologies for doctors is the use of forms that are de-identified. So I use a code in the form site. It's an HTML code. So form site allows you to add specific codes. And then I had this code built by ChildGBT. The code is basically a generation. It's an ID, patient ID generator. So I don't get anything that is of the patient that is HIPAA. It's not protected information. So there's no fax of the patient. No address, no phone number, no real name. All we have of them is a created patient ID and their age, their gender, and the rest of the consultation. So there's nothing that can help tie up to this specific patient. So this has been working out, I would say, exceedingly well. It's very secure. And it allows for your notes to not need to be... You see, if you let the patient write their pseudonym or username, a lot of them will actually write their real name. So we avoid that problem by having them... Every time they open the form, automatically, a patient ID is provided to them, which is a numerical thing and a combination of two words. It could be like yellow mountains, 744. And they will need to write that down because eventually the physician will not be able to know whose form is whose. So as far as automation is concerned, the information that we obtain from this form, which is basically a representation of what I want in a form that will facilitate my job, this is then processed by chatGBT. By the way, I'm now discussing tier number 3 levels of automation. In this case, for example, before I even see the patient, the AI will produce something called an HPI confirmation summary, which is a natural language paragraph wherein we ask the patient back to them as if I would have seen the form myself. In other words... And I will tell you now how I do it in the office. When I see a patient after they've done their form, I have received the HPI confirmation summary. The HPI confirmation summary is a paragraph that can be read to the patient because it is written in natural language so that you can actually read it without having to interpret what's in the document. That being said, the message usually goes like this. Okay, so just to verify with you, so today you're coming here for your right ear that has been aching for the last four days. This happened after you went for a swim. And, of course, these are all items that the patient wrote in the form process. So at the end of that, you know, they took medications, they have allergies. So all that stuff, all that collection of information is tier 3 automation, and it's basically a tier 2 when the patient is doing it, but it's a tier 3 automation when AI is now getting involved because AI produced a paragraph for you. So that is one part. The second thing that I get is I like to ask for the AI to produce for me what is called a soap note that has a Spartan tone to it. That is to say, no bullshit, no running around in circles and not giving out exceeding amount of information. So sometimes when I ask that, actually I say, make me a super Spartan note. Super Spartan is there's basically, there's sometimes I have to tell the AI, no, give me three times more information because I know the complexity of the case and the case is actually, there's a lot of things that it will, so if I ask it to be too Spartan, it's going to give me almost like nothing. So I leverage that to the degree that I want as far as information. In other words, this is something that can be added to the behavior, to the behavior of the AI that is a scrollable bar from like an adjustment from zero to 100% where the physician can adjust the degree of detail that the AI will provide when it provides the instant, the soap note, the Spartan soap note. So that way, if physicians want more details in the subjective part, it could simply be requested beforehand in the settings section of the AI in our website. Basically, in the AI behavior section, you can adjust the degree of details that you will have in that Spartan tone. So, that being said.